They are all connected with mind. In Dzogchen teachings, when you reach to Dzogchen,
when you have true meditation as you are really speaking to, that is not mental state. It is
wisdom. So when you look to the point of Dzogchen, it all is convention related to this. But even
though it is all convention, it all came from Dzogchen. It all connected to Dzogchen. It's part
of the passage, part of the staircase to Dzogchen Realizations. As here, here is the dark example,
they all are like going to the ocean of Dzogchen. And Dzogchen teaching is the source of the oceans
,
source of the waters, but also it protect back all the waters into the into ocean, ocean self.
Similarly, Dzogchen is Dzogchen or that here, also said here. For example, streams of the
disperse of the from air gather back to the oceans. So this is Patangaragarbha or Dzogchen,
the ultimate nature of the Lhukin is the source of all this displays that we heard in the teaching
making too. Not just all this fun, but the samsara and the rana and the positive and the rana,
all that came and reflected from the Dzogchen or from the Dzogchen or from Dzogchen Dzogchen.
Due to the different reasons where we had that. And that therefore Dzogchen is the foundation
very foundation of the of the of the all the teachings foundations Dzogchen teaching
foundation. And then that then later also coming more Dzogchen too so we can talk that but
generally
Dzogchen is the ultimate state, status and all that. So that is really about this.